docs(README): add information about provenance file (#18)
sigstore/helm-sigstore: README.md

Created Helm entry at index 6821, available at: https://rekor.sigstore.dev/api/v1/log/entries/b30a142ef6c8b0480cd3e081fc99bc3d2a1a50ef60f68749c983a1479be6c4b9
```

_NOTE_: The provenance file must be located in the same directory as the packaged chart.

> > To generate a provenance file, please reach out the official documentation of [Helm Provenance and Integrity](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/provenance/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To generate a provenance file, please consult the official documentation of [Helm Provenance and Integrity](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/provenance/).
```

Author: sorry about my poor English 🤦🏻‍♂️ fixed.
